examples.md, before:

## Converting to old money

```
>>> import lsd
>>> from decimal import Decimal
>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("1.49"), rounding="nearest", granularity="penny")
(1, 9, 10)
>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("1.49"), rounding="nearest")
(1, 9, 10)
>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("1.49"), rounding="fraction")
(1, 9, Decimal('9.60'))
>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("1.49"), rounding="strict")
Traceback (most recent call last):
...
Exception: Using strict rounding, not an exact number of pennies.

>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("1.49"), rounding="nearest", granularity="hapenny")
(1, 9, 9.5)
>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("1.49"), rounding="nearest", granularity="farthing")
(1, 9, 9.5)

>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("1.49"), rounding="strict", granularity="hapenny")
Traceback (most recent call last):
...
Exception: Using strict rounding, not an exact number of pennies.
>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("1.49"), rounding="strict", granularity="farthing")
Traceback (most recent call last):
...
Exception: Using strict rounding, not an exact number of pennies.

>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("0.0125"), rounding="strict", granularity="penny")
(0, 0, 3)
>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("0.05"), rounding="strict", granularity="penny")
(0, 1, 0)

>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("0.00625"), rounding="strict", granularity="penny")
Traceback (most recent call last):
...
Exception: Using strict rounding, not an exact number of pennies.
>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("0.00625"), rounding="strict", granularity="hapenny")
(0, 0, 1.5)
>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("0.00625"), rounding="strict", granularity="farthing")
(0, 0, 1.5)

```

## Converting to new money

```
>>> import lsd
>>> lsd.pounds_and_new_pence(19, 19, 6)
Decimal('19.975')

>>> lsd.pounds_and_new_pence(19, 19, 6, rounding="nearest")
Decimal('19.975')
>>> lsd.pounds_and_new_pence(19, 19, 6, rounding="fraction")
Decimal('19.975')
>>> lsd.pounds_and_new_pence(19, 19, 6, rounding="strict")
Decimal('19.975')

>>> lsd.pounds_and_new_pence(19, 19, 6, rounding="nearest", granularity="halfpenny")
Decimal('19.975')
>>> lsd.pounds_and_new_pence(19, 19, 6, rounding="nearest", granularity="penny")
Decimal('19.98')

>>> lsd.pounds_and_new_pence(19, 19, 6, rounding="strict", granularity="halfpenny")
Decimal('19.975')
>>> lsd.pounds_and_new_pence(19, 19, 6, rounding="strict", granularity="penny")
Traceback (most recent call last):
...
Exception: Using strict rounding, not an exact number of new pence.

```

Commit message:

Use a new error type.
This means that we can correctly warn on rounding failures.

examples.md, after:

## Converting to old money

```
>>> import lsd
>>> from decimal import Decimal
>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("1.49"), rounding="nearest", granularity="penny")
(1, 9, 10)
>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("1.49"), rounding="nearest")
(1, 9, 10)
>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("1.49"), rounding="fraction")
(1, 9, Decimal('9.60'))
>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("1.49"), rounding="strict")
Traceback (most recent call last):
...
lsd.error.ConversionError: Using strict rounding, not an exact number of pennies.

>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("1.49"), rounding="nearest", granularity="hapenny")
(1, 9, 9.5)
>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("1.49"), rounding="nearest", granularity="farthing")
(1, 9, 9.5)

>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("1.49"), rounding="strict", granularity="hapenny")
Traceback (most recent call last):
...
lsd.error.ConversionError: Using strict rounding, not an exact number of ha'pennies.
>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("1.49"), rounding="strict", granularity="farthing")
Traceback (most recent call last):
...
lsd.error.ConversionError: Using strict rounding, not an exact number of farthings.

>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("0.0125"), rounding="strict", granularity="penny")
(0, 0, 3)
>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("0.05"), rounding="strict", granularity="penny")
(0, 1, 0)

>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("0.00625"), rounding="strict", granularity="penny")
Traceback (most recent call last):
...
lsd.error.ConversionError: Using strict rounding, not an exact number of pennies.
>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("0.00625"), rounding="strict", granularity="hapenny")
(0, 0, 1.5)
>>> lsd.pounds_shillings_and_pence(Decimal("0.00625"), rounding="strict", granularity="farthing")
(0, 0, 1.5)

```

## Converting to new money

```
>>> import lsd
>>> lsd.pounds_and_new_pence(19, 19, 6)
Decimal('19.975')

>>> lsd.pounds_and_new_pence(19, 19, 6, rounding="nearest")
Decimal('19.975')
>>> lsd.pounds_and_new_pence(19, 19, 6, rounding="fraction")
Decimal('19.975')
>>> lsd.pounds_and_new_pence(19, 19, 6, rounding="strict")
Decimal('19.975')

>>> lsd.pounds_and_new_pence(19, 19, 6, rounding="nearest", granularity="halfpenny")
Decimal('19.975')
>>> lsd.pounds_and_new_pence(19, 19, 6, rounding="nearest", granularity="penny")
Decimal('19.98')

>>> lsd.pounds_and_new_pence(19, 19, 6, rounding="strict", granularity="halfpenny")
Decimal('19.975')
>>> lsd.pounds_and_new_pence(19, 19, 6, rounding="strict", granularity="penny")
Traceback (most recent call last):
...
lsd.error.ConversionError: Using strict rounding, not an exact number of new pence.

```
